# Spree It is a present!

With `spree_it_is_a_present` your customers will be able to add a name and a dedication to properly give your products as a present.

## Versions and Spree

The following table shows the compatibility between `spree` and  `spree_it_is_a_present` gem versions.

| Spree version | spree_it_is_a_present|
|:-------------:|:--------------------:|
| <= 4.3.2      | 0.0.3                |
| 4.4.x         | 0.0.4                |
| 4.5.x         | 0.0.5                |
| >= 4.6.0      | To be released soon  |

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```ruby
    gem 'spree_it_is_a_present'
    ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_it_is_a_present:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

5. If you are using [Spree Rails Frontend](https://github.com/spree/spree_rails_frontend), you should see the form added by this gem at the address step during checkout. In the backend, the data provided by the frontend form will be displayed within the Order's client information.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_it_is_a_present/factories'
```

## Releasing

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -p -t
bundle exec gem release
```

For more options please see [gem-release REAMDE](https://github.com/svenfuchs/gem-release)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request. (TODO)

Copyright (c) 2021 Alberto Almagro, released under the New BSD License
